Edinborough had won three of their
previous five games against Treviso and
with Scottish internationals Dave Denton
Matt Scott and Alistair Dickinson
returning to the starting 15 they
travelled to the study of money go with
confidence the Italians came into the
game off the back of eight defeats in
all competitions and looking for a
change in fortune having run monster
clothes in their previous outing this
time last year Treviso beat Edinburgh
3010 coach Marius Goosen hoping his side
could repeat that feat captain Antonio
Papa nello making his 200th appearance
13 minutes in the Edinburgh scrum was
penalized by Nigel Owens the Welsh
referee not happy with the bind and
Tobias botas fired the first penalty of
the game over for an early three nil
lead for the home side it took the
visitors 25 minutes to get their first
score of the game
Carl booze Aiden haut playing at
fullback kicking well to make it three
all after a tight opening quarter
the South African missed another penalty
kick before landing his and Edinburgh
second score of the game in the 32nd
minute after the home side were whistled
for not rolling away the Zaidan hold
with a fine effort to make it six points
to three for the away side
and that lead was stretched to 93 in the
37th minute with a simple tap over from
close range the Zaidan Jota did their
necessary from in front of the posts to
give Edinburgh a 9 3 lead of halftime
and you'll have to take my word for it
as unlike Bizet denote the cameras
missed the kick the hosts got off to a
good start in the second half and in a
match that was being dominated by kicks
at goal bo tears had an easy opportunity
to tag another three points on for the
home side Treviso 6 Edinburgh 9 with 35
minutes to go it may have taken quite a
while for the first try of the match to
arrive but it was worth the wait and
well-deserved hooker leonardo geraldine
e collecting the ball and sprinting for
the line like a center would do the
number 2 showing strength and pace to
get past the edinburgh tacklers touched
down for an important try that put his
side ahead once more his first try of
the campaign and one that will be fondly
remembered no doubt boat is converted
for a 13-9 Treviso lead within a couple
of minutes the Italians were in for
another try Girardi knees front row
colleague Alberto de Marquis deciding
anything the hooker could do he could do
too as he drove for the line the
Edinburgh defenders unable to prevent
him from getting over for the touchdown
to give Treviso a little breathing space
the Italian international prop had never
scored a rabble direct Pro 12 try before
but this one was an important one for
his side and when boat is converted
Treviso had a 20 points to 9 lead with
15 minutes remaining
Edinburgh left it late to click into
gear but they did score one of the tries
of the weekend just before the end when
flanker Coronel du Preez made a burst
from deep and with players in support he
sprinted for the line and got the
touchdown for a spectacular score the
man from Port Elizabeth 4th try of the
season and this was probably his best to
date
that Dupri's try enough to earn
Edinburgh a losing bonus the Zaiden hoed
converted for a 2016 full-time score so
Treviso end an eighth match losing
sequence and keep themselves at Bob
zebra with European qualification still
a big factor for both Italian sides they
traveled to Glasgow next time
Edinburgh are away two dragons and will
be hoping for an improved performance in
that one final score at the stadium own
ego Benetton Treviso 20 Edinburgh 16